RHDEVDOCS-3358 - new content for dex and keycloak (#39282)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/gitops/configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak.adoc

[id="configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak"]

> = Configuring SSO for Argo CD using keycloak

Reviewer: Capitalize Keycloak in the title since you capitalize it throughout the modules.

include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
include::modules/gitops-document-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak

toc::[]

After the {gitops-title} Operator is installed, Argo CD automatically creates a user with `admin` permissions. To manage multiple users, Argo CD allows cluster administrators to configure SSO.

.Prerequisites
* Red Hat SSO is installed on the cluster.

> include::modules/gitops-creating-a-new-client-using-keycloak.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: I notice a lot of your procedure modules don't have introductions. Mod. Docs. require an introduction and procedure steps for a procedure module. 

I know introductions can be tedious to write, but they can be pretty short. See my suggestions for each module and let me know what you think :)

[id="configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak"]
= Configuring SSO for Argo CD using Keycloak
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
include::modules/gitops-document-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak

toc::[]

> After the {gitops-title} Operator is installed, Argo CD automatically creates a user with `admin` permissions. To manage multiple users, Argo CD allows cluster administrators to configure SSO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the {gitops-title} Operator is installed, Argo CD automatically creates a user with `admin` permissions. To manage multiple users, cluster administrators can use Argo CD to configure Single Sign-On (SSO).
```
Per the IBM SG - "Avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people, as in "the product allows you to...". Whenever possible, use a direct, user-focused alternative such as "you can use the product to..." or "with this product, users can...""
